It is always a very important discussion when we talk about the professional career options for someone very close to us, a son, daughter, brother, sister or any other close relative. The traditional way of thinking often guides us to the specific field which is doing well right now (for e.g. IT, Software in current situation) or the branch which gives the student a job opportunity at any point of time ( for e. g. Mechanical, Civil). In a way this is not a bad strategy or shall I say this was the best possible strategy some 25 years back. 
Will this thinking work now? Considering the situation of the industry, ever changing trend of technologies, developments in various sectors, industry up & downs, government regulations & policies & because of that enormous stress which is continuously building inside the human mind. 
When we talk about the industry, we should talk about an individual too because along with the industry, an individual’s profile is the flip side of the coin called Profession. If any individual does not like his profession, even he didn’t want to get into the education sector from which he/she is graduated or pursuing graduation, will he/she be the better one amongst his/her contemporaries? Can he/she draws out best of their abilities? Especially when the competition is fierce, expectations are high & extreme stress on mind to become a successful professional, every individual should know what are his/ her qualities, likings, abilities in specific domains, fields. When an individual likes what he/ she is doing, he/ she will excel in that field, he /she will not feel the hard work as burden & that actually makes him/ her different & better amongst the contemporaries.
S A Y Business Solutions along with All About Mind, offers a fantastic solutions to cater this need. We use our experience in industry environment & Psychological demeanor & come up with a unique Psychometric test which focuses on eight different virtues of a personality & their application on choosing the right career path.
Following parameters are the key components of the mind & eventually the personality which indicate preferences, likings, attitude & ability. 
Extraversion - Extraversion is a measure of how energetic, sociable and friendly a person is. Extraverts are commonly understood as being a 'people's person' drawing energy from being around others directing their energies towards people and the outside world.    
 Introversion - the tendency to be concerned with one's own thoughts and feelings rather than with external things.
Sensing - Sensing means that a person mainly believes information he or she receives directly from the external world.
iNtuition - Intuitive people live in the future and are immersed in the world of possibilities. They process information through patterns and impressions.    
Thinking – Thinking people are objective. When they have to make a decision, they focus on facts and concrete information. They are people who are ruled by their head instead of their heart.
Feeling - People with the Feeling Preference are subjective. They follow their hearts more than their heads – sometimes even without realizing it.   
Judgement – Judging people think sequentially. They value order and organization, and thus feel best when they have a clear course of action ahead.
Perception – Perceivers are adaptable and flexible. They are people who thrive when the unexpected strikes, and they are adept at spotting unexpected opportunities as well. 
