It is always a very important discussion when we talk about the professional career 
options for someone very close to us, a son, daughter, brother, sister or any other 
close relative. The traditional way of thinking often guides us to the specific field 
which is doing well right now (for e.g. IT, Software in current situation) or the 
branch which gives the student a job opportunity at any point of time ( for e. g. 
Mechanical, Civil). In a way this is not a bad strategy or shall I say this was the best 
possible strategy some 25 years back. 
Will this thinking work now? Considering the situation of the industry, ever changing 
trend of technologies, developments in various sectors, industry up & downs,
government regulations & policies & because of that enormous stress which is 
continuously building inside the human mind. 
When we talk about the industry, we should talk about an individual too because 
along with the industry, an individual’s profile is the flip side of the coin called 
Profession. If any individual does not like his profession, even he didn’t want to get 
into the education sector from which he/she is graduated or pursuing graduation, 
will he/she be the better one amongst his/her contemporaries? Can he/she draws out best of their abilities? Especially when the competition is fierce, expectations are high & extreme stress on mind to become a successful professional, every individual should know what are his/ her qualities, likings, abilities in specific domains, fields. When an individual likes what he/ she is doing, he/ she will excel in that field, he /she will not feel the hard work as burden & that actually makes him/ her different & better amongst the contemporaries.
 along with All About Mind, offers a fantastic solutions to cater this need. We use our experience in industry environment & Psychological demeanor & come up with a unique Psychometric test which focuses on eight different virtues of a personality & their application on choosing the right career path.
